README.md, before:

# Personal Dotfiles
User-specific configuration files.

## General Layout
I exclude corporate logic as this is a personal repo.
Certain dotfiles get named accordingly (e.g. with prefix `.personal_`),
so they can be included/imported on non-personal machines, _if allowed_.

## Conventions
Most of this content is personal workflow optimizations, 
so it doesn't follow any strict conventions,
and certainly hasn't undergone any formal code review.

The next subsection lists tools that I generally use 
when working on these files, but I don't have full coverage
for all configuration languages being used.

That being said, if you encounter anything you consider egregious,
feel free to send me an email at <alder314@gmail.com>,
or open an issue on this repository. 
I'm always open to suggestions and willing to learn.

### Formatting and Linting Tools
- [ShellCheck](https://www.shellcheck.net/)

## Relevant Links
- [dotfiles.github.io](https://dotfiles.github.io/) - Good resources on dotfiles, including tutorials.

Commit message:

Add note on personal hierarchy for the future

README.md, after:

# Personal Dotfiles
User-specific configuration files.

## General Layout
I exclude corporate logic as this is a personal repo.
Certain dotfiles get named accordingly (e.g. with prefix `.personal_`),
so they can be included/imported on non-personal machines, _if allowed_.

It might be useful to put some of these files in their own folder hierarchy.

## Conventions
Most of this content is personal workflow optimizations, 
so it doesn't follow any strict conventions,
and certainly hasn't undergone any formal code review.

The next subsection lists tools that I generally use 
when working on these files, but I don't have full coverage
for all configuration languages being used.

That being said, if you encounter anything you consider egregious,
feel free to send me an email at <alder314@gmail.com>,
or open an issue on this repository. 
I'm always open to suggestions and willing to learn.

### Formatting and Linting Tools
- [ShellCheck](https://www.shellcheck.net/)

## Relevant Links
- [dotfiles.github.io](https://dotfiles.github.io/) - Good resources on dotfiles, including tutorials.
